[team-member] : So, you're on a call with somebody, say they called in, obviously it says outbound. How to dial up a genie. The first step, you get on a call with somebody, you go through, find a destination, find a date, find a resort, click book, check the info, Get the video script out. Read the bottom of the page. Read through it. Get your comment info. Get your comment info in line. Get your card info. And if you refuse, you can say, you're on the phone, click conference. Click conference. Click conference. It's like a three-way call. Step two, after you click conference, all you really need to type in is G, e n and the first one that pops up would be genie or right here g e n speed dial you're gonna type g e n and it will come up g e n you can type in the whole g e n but there's no other thing that you need then after it's You got to click Genie. Click. On one, it says Genie. So we'll say G-I-N-E, then we'll add a number, and we'll say Genie. And that is right here, as you can see. Genie. It says Speed Dial. You click it. Then you type Initiate Conference. Click that. As soon as you hit it, that's when it's going to dial the genie and the genie's going to start spewing numbers. So make sure when you hit this button, you have pen and paper, and you're ready to hear some numbers.
[guest] : And you hear that up, it's going to spew the numbers to you. Your verification number is 26. nine, two, eight, seven, seven, one. You type it in. After you write it down and where you type it in.
[team-member] : So you can do both. You can do one at the same time. My option, always write it down and then you can put it in later. It doesn't need to be entered right away. It's not going to be the end of the world. Type it in. It will say the number twice. You get two times to write it down. And then it will be like, recording initiated. And it will go beep. And that is when the recording has started. After you hear that beep, you can hit add participant. That would be step six. So again, like I said, on here it says go back to 5-9, but for me, I always have 5-9 in that CRM pulled up at the same time, so I don't have to go back and forth. But it says Step 6, so we're going to shorten it. So again, like I said, write it down. Then you read the VO. That was number seven. Read VO. You go through, hold zero, you read the confirmation next to it, enter again. So here, at this point, same thing, type it in, you've already got it, and that's done. Automatically, we'll put when you go to conference and I'll explain. Uh, like this, I can do it again. So, no, no, no. You. So, at conference. Yeah, 9 to 8.
[guest] : seven, eight, zero.
[team-member] : There's a VSA number here. Two, six, nine, two, eight, seven, eight, zero. And that adds the guest back into the call. After you add the guest back into the call, you read the VO. After you're done with the VO, again, for this one, it's a little different, but we're gonna do this better. You read the VO. After, answer your question later, After you're done with the deal, whether the card goes through or not, you don't even have to say, end the recording, all you have to do, remove. Don't leave conference, just, you hit that drop down, it drops down, remove, remove. The genius card information that you need, if you forgot to ask it, because sometimes it happens, or the card fails, you need a new card, and you come back over here, So when you get your Google back automatically. It saves the genie. No matter if you have two seconds on a genie or you have an hour on a genie, which it won't be an hour. It saves automatically. It's a number. Anybody can dial it up at any time if they have the access to our system. Again, so now we're going to go back to CRM. We're going to go down to mine. We're going to go down here. We're going to go to here. We're going to go to here. That's my information. Don't write it down. Again, so then whether you type it in or not, it's regardless. Again, it's a distinction without a difference. It doesn't make a difference whether you put the GINI number in when you're typing it or writing it. My advice would be to write it down. Then you type in the GINI number. Use the GINI numbers like 269-267-89401. Come down here. If everything else is good, you check the FICO. We check the, we put the card information, we put the industry in. This button will light up green. Step number nine after either, again, depending on whether you write it or type it, would be submit. Submit. Submit button, submit date language. That's what it's called. Submit date language. Submit date language. Yeah, if it's not green, if it's not green, something's wrong, date's not available, you didn't check FICO, and it will tell you. So you see, I didn't check FICO, card's missing, and I didn't put the industry in. It will tell you. So if you're like, why isn't it green? Why isn't it green? Look down there and it'll tell you. Because even, so say, you see how I got the numbers right on the genie, just because I've typed them in sometimes? I miss a number, I don't put the correct number in, genie number. It will tell you it's wrong. Okay, the genie number's wrong. Again, that's why you write it down. Don't just type it in. It's married to that number. Correct. And I can look it up at any time. I have a phone number, all I have to do is type it in. I put in some access codes, I type in the genie number that I see, and it will be like, recording, playing. And it will play the recording of you and the guest, the whole guest. These GINI numbers get sent to the excellence department and they audit them. So there's the why you don't put the card on there. And if they hear a card number, you get fired. Trust me. GINI number is basically a recording, you know, it's not a contract. It's not a right to the entire recording. So it's not the entire phone call. It's the entire from when it goes beep to when you hit drop down, remove, remove, remove, From that point to that point, it has the entire, whatever they said, whatever you said on it. And it's there forever for anyone that has access to our system to have. But again, like I said, after you've been submitted, again, anything is wrong. If the birthdays are wrong, if there's too many guests, like so watch. For this one, it only seats two guests. If I have, here's what it says, party's not too big. At the bottom, complete the following fields to continue. Party's not too big, cannot vote. Any information is wrong, just read that bottom, it will tell you. Again, it also will tell you if zip code, I don't know the zip code off the top of my head, Wyndham doesn't allow people from South Dakota, I don't know South Dakota zip code. If you type in zip code wrong, zip code can't vote, zip code doesn't follow law. Before you raise your hand, before you ask, look at the bottom a lot of times, why it's not submitting.